here so we've got um a model that seems
to train
it sees the goal oh yeah look at that it
solves a lot of the easier ones very
it can't it sees the gold and it doesn't
know how to get to
go
okay that's something
say we commit this and run a Neptune
sweep
see
yeah well we don't even have a reward
function that works that way it's just
that it can see the
goal that's
all one 28 is 100
Mil fine scale okay yeah this is fine so
we just
do be
carbs
Neptune how
we got a maze
thing have you finished it or still
working
well this is what we have so so
yep po this is just like the first model
I
tried do
this no model Neptune
oops
train um
I mean
no but that's not the point
think get a couple runs to make sure
that this works before we do some other
stuff my supplements in the meantime
are so this will
run
[Music]
probably about 15 experiments an
hour well that'll take some
time uh what else do we do in the
meantime I probably should have started
streaming I should have probably just
gone and uh done the hardware stuff I
might still go do
is I kind of need to get an
auntu ISO for
this I should have an A buntu ISO
actually
perfect so I think I can just go stick
this
on why would I do
2204 what in so 24
Cent algorithms for some more comp yeah
of
course because the algorithm there just
aren't algorithms like what algorithm do
you use to play
DOA right
well yes for problems in which we use
kind of shitty approximate
algorithms or where we have um fully
correct algorithms that are very
expensive of course
yeah okay perfect this is doing what we
want it to
do I think I just leave this thing
running and I go do
um server install stuff so we've got a
box that has a new chip in
think I think that the common ones where
RL has seen
success um there's stuff in like Urban
plan in like traffic
optimization there's been stuff in data
center cooling it's been used for
nuclear
fusion um these are all like
optimization problems right where there
are classical methods but they're just
not I mean they're approximate for the
most
part 22 I think has old pythons python
versions and stuff on
it um it's the opposite of is that most
of the packages they get stale and then
the new drivers work better on the new
one it is LTS what do you want
about this is
LTS we use the latest LTS for a buntu
for new machines that's usually what I
do
yeah so this was done
in
August
okay I guess I'm I'm going to just go do
that then um because we have basically
we've got a box with a new CPU with the
operating system bricked and also I have
a client that's going to need some
install scripts for a bunto anyways so I
may as well just go over there and start
porting the script grid is your maze
yeah it's going to be more than just the
maze um because there's some other stuff
built into it but for now it's the
Maze and we'll see what the best thing
this hyper Prem optimization algorithm
finds this this is doing size 5 to 15
Mazes at the moment I haven't seen at
break 80
yet it it'll go play around and find
some
stuff it's in the oblations branch all
the latest code is there I'm going to go
deal with this Hardware Hardware stuff
um yeah I'll be